[Update] Install self-hosted TimescaleDB from a pre-built cloud image (#856)
timescale/docs: install/installation-cloud-image.md

### Installing self-hosted TimescaleDB from a pre-build cloud image
1.  Make sure you have an [Amazon Web Services account][aws-signup], and
    are signed in to [your EC2 dashboard][aws-dashboard].

> 1.  Navigate to **Images > AMIs**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Navigate to `Images → AMIs`.
```

1.  In the search bar, change the search to `Public images` and type *Timescale* search
    term to find all available Timescale images.

> 1.  Select the image you want to use, and click **Launch instance from image**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Select the image you want to use, and click `Launch instance from image`.
```

1.  Make sure you have an [Amazon Web Services account][aws-signup], and
    are signed in to [your EC2 dashboard][aws-dashboard].
1.  Navigate to `Images → AMIs`.
1.  In the search bar, change the search to `Public images` and type *Timescale* search
    term to find all available Timescale images.
1.  Select the image you want to use, and click `Launch instance from image`.
    <img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/aws_launch_ami.png" alt="Launch an AMI in AWS EC2"/>

</procedure>

> After you have completed the installation, connect to your instance and configure your database. For information about connecting to the instance, see the AWS [accessing instance documentation][aws-connect]. The easiest way to configure your datase is to run the `timescaledb-tune` script, which is included with the `timescaledb-tools` package. For more information, see the [configuration][config] section. 

Reviewer: Break at 80 chars

Author: added line breaks

</procedure>

After you have completed the installation, connect to your instance and configure your database. For information about connecting to the instance, see the AWS [accessing instance documentation][aws-connect]. The easiest way to configure your datase is to run the `timescaledb-tune` script, which is included with the `timescaledb-tools` package. For more information, see the [configuration][config] section. 

<highlight type="note">

> After you run the *timescaledb-tune* script you need to restart the PostgreSQL service for the configuration changes to take effect. To restart the service use the **sudo systemctl restart postgresql.service** command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After running the `timescaledb-tune` script, you need to restart the PostgreSQL service for the configuration changes to take effect. To restart the service, run `sudo systemctl restart postgresql.service`.
```

</highlight>

## Set up the TimescaleDB extension

> When you have PostgreSQL and TimescaleDB installed, connect to your instance and setup the TimescaleDB extension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you have PostgreSQL and TimescaleDB installed, connect to your instance and set up the TimescaleDB extension.
```

<procedure>

### Setting up the TimescaleDB extension
1.  On your instance, at the command prompt, connect to the PostgreSQL
    instance as the `postgres` superuser:
    ```bash
    sudo -u postgres psql
    ```

> 1.  At the prompt, create an empty database. Our database is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  At the prompt, create an empty database. For example, to create a database
```
